doc: documenting project graduation process (#37)
sonatype-nexus-community/contribute.sonatype.com: content/en/docs/project-classification/graduation-process.md

## Graduation Preparation

### Project Graduation Notice

The Community Project should have it's `README` on it's main branch updated to contain an appropriate *Graduation Notice*. An example might be:

```
> ℹ️ As of 7th November 2024, this community project has [graduated](https://contribute.sonatype.com/docs/project-classification/) and is offered as part of Sonatype's commercial offerings - see [here](https://help.sonatype.com/en/configuring-blob-stores.html#google-cloud-blob-store) for full details.
>
> 🚧 This community project will receive no further updates or maintenance.
```

It's good practice to be specific about **when** the project graduated, and where interested parties can head to find out more.

### CI/CD Closure

Any existing CI/CD configuration should be removed and projects deprovisioned from CI/CD systems.

### Project Properties

The projects [Custom Properties](/docs/project-classification/#custom-properties) should be updated to reflect the Graduated status.

### Open Issues

> Any open issues should have the graduation notice shared.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any open issues should be closed with a notice of the graduation.
```

## Graduating

> Once the preparation steps are executed, the project can be marked as archived in GitHub.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the preparation steps are executed, the project should be marked as archived in GitHub.
```
